Feat: Allow to Inject PDE in Domain (#1532)
SUI-Components/sui: packages/sui-domain/README.md

const domain = new EntryPoint({config})
```

### Injecting a logger or pde to our domain

> In order to increase the observability of your domain, you can pass a custom logger/pde to your domain instance and it will be injected on each UseCase factory. Following the example of previous section:

Reviewer: I wouldn't say `pde` has anything to do with the _observability_ of your domain... perhaps having two different descriptions / entries on the readme would help.

Author: Nice, I will change it. Do you have some proposal for it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to increase the observability of your domain, you can pass a custom loggerto your domain instance and it will be injected on each UseCase factory. Following the example of previous section:
```

I'd leave the previous text as it was, and I would add the following:

```
In order to allow your domain to work with experiments and feature flags, you can pass a custom pde to your domain instance and it will be injected on each UseCase factory.
```

}
```

### Injecting a pde to our domain

In order to allow your domain to work with experiments and feature flags, you can pass a custom pde to your domain instance and it will be injected on each UseCase factory.

#### How to inject the pde to your domain?

```javascript
// PDE mock example
const pde = {
  isFeatureEnabled: ({featureKey}) => true,
  getVariation: ({name}) => 'experimentVariation'
}

const EntryPoint = EntryPointFactory({config, useCases, pde})
const domain = new EntryPoint()
```

> #### How use it on your domain?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to use it on your domain?
```

sorry to be the grammar nerd 😅
